UoW guidance/sample improvements (#6682)
Particular/docs.particular.net: samples/pipeline/unit-of-work/sample.md

## Introduction

> This sample uses a custom pipeline behavior to manage a unit of work. The unit of work in this sample is a custom session object. In a real application this often is a database session represented by a low-level storage connection/transaction or session or an ORM session.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This sample uses a custom pipeline behavior to manage a unit of work. The unit of work in this sample is a custom session object. In a real application this is often a database session represented by a low-level storage connection/transaction or session, or an ORM session.
```

Examples are:

> - a SQL Server or Postgresql connection and/or transaction object 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- a SQL Server or PostgreSQL connection and/or transaction object 
```

- an ORM session like Entity Framework DbContext or an NHibernate session
- a storage session provided by a storage SDK client like MongoDB, RavenDB, CosmosDB, etc.

> > [!INFO]

Author: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
```

> > This is the recommended approach to managing an unit of work as`IManageUnitOfWork` is obsolete in NServiceBus version 9.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This is the recommended approach for managing a unit of work as `IManageUnitOfWork` is obsolete in NServiceBus version 9.
```

Any information from the incoming message headers and body can be used to create or initialize the custom unit of work which is common in multi-tenant or partitioned environments

> - Use header/body information to use a specific connection string

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use header/body information to utilize a specific connection string
```
